---
author: "NUS Greyhats"
title: "SecWed #080921"
talkTitles:
    - Identifying Bugs in Router Firmware at Scale with Taint Analysis
    - The Spectre of Ransomware and the Criminal Underground
date: "2021-09-08"
tags: ["secweds"]
ShowBreadcrumbs: False
ShowPostNavLinks: False
HideSummary: True
secweds: True
---

{{< youtube D2jHvjeFQCM >}}

### Talk 1: 1900HRs - 1945HRs
**Title: Identifying Bugs in Router Firmware at Scale with Taint Analysis**

#### Description
Taint analysis is a very useful technique in reverse engineering and bug hunting. For some common vulnerability classes such as command injection or buffer overflow, it can be tedious for a researcher to find them through manual reverse engineering. In this talk, Daniel will share about a tool that he helped develop during his internship, which uses taint analysis techniques to automate the process of finding such bugs in router firmware.

#### Bio
Daniel is a Year 3 Computer Engineering student in NUS. He is currently an intern at STARLabs, to fulfil his Industrial Attachment programme requirement by the Faculty of Engineering. He is also a member of the Greyhats core team.

----

### Talk 2: 1945HRs - 2030HRs
**Title: The Spectre of Ransomware and the Criminal Underground**

#### Description
The Criminal Underground today is a vibrant ecosystem, with many Criminal Enterprises existing to support Big Game Hunting (BGH) Ransomware Operations.

Notable to the past year is the emergence of Access Brokers supporting a variety of Criminal Adversaries, including the most prolific Ransomware Operators, with initial access into their target environments.Also, a number of dramatic shifts have been observed in the BGH space, including the exponential surge in the adoption of the Extortion and Data Leaks tactics and the rise of Ransomware-as-a-Service.

This talk strives to take a deep dive into these recent threat trends and offer the audience with useful insights to better defend your organisation against the spectre of Ransomware and eCrime.

#### Bio
Aaron serves as a Strategic Threat Advisor at Crowdstrike. He is responsible for CrowdStrike’s Threat Intelligence business across Asia-Pacific (APAC). Prior to his current role, Aaron was an Intelligence Consultant at Recorded Future. He was responsible for the design and implementation of threat Intelligence strategies for Commercial and Government Accounts across APAC.

Aaron got his start in Security and Threat Intelligence in the Singapore Armed Forces as a Military Intelligence Officer.  He concluded 12 years of Active Duty in 2019 and has served in multiple Command Appointments in classified Intelligence Units, and garnered Staff experience in the areas of Strategic Planning and Policy Development. In his penultimate tour of duty, Aaron was instrumental in establishing the Defence Cyber Organisation (DCO), which is akin to Singapore’s Cyber Command.

