---
author: "NUS Greyhats"
title: "SecWed #110821"
talks:
    - title: Greyhats Introduction
      speaker: NUS Greyhats
    - title: Enigma and Bombe - How they encrypt and how they decipher in WWII
      speaker: Professor Chang Ee-Chien (NUS)
date: "2021-08-11"

# don't change these
tags: ["secweds"]
ShowBreadcrumbs: False
HideSummary: True
secweds: True
---

{{< youtube Tukt5SeiLtU >}}

### Talk 1: 1900Hrs - 1945Hrs
**Talk Title: Greyhats Introduction**

Do you find yourself wondering what the Greyhats team is often up to? Want to get to know more about the information security industry? Want to further hone your information security skills? 🖥 🚀

Learn more about NUS' first and only information security interest group and the various activities that we embark on together! Join us at our welcome tea on 11 August 2021 from 7pm to 8.30pm, and get to know some of us and our team's work first hand! 👨‍💻👨‍💻👨‍💻👨‍💻


#### Speaker

Eugene hacks for good! From Amazon to Zendesk , he has helped secure products from a range of vulnerabilities. At the Government Technology Agency of Singapore (GovTech), he protects citizen data through offensive security research and penetration testing.

While he focuses on application security and vulnerability research, he is also involved in a variety of domains such as artificial intelligence and social engineering. Prior to GovTech, he contributed to cyber defense projects with the Singapore Armed Forces and was awarded the Most Valuable Hacker title at HackerOne's H1-213 live hacking event for the US Air Force, UK Ministry of Defense, and Verizon Media.

His work has been featured at top conferences such as Black Hat and DEF CON as well as industry publications like WIRED and The Daily Swig. He writes at https://spaceraccoon.dev/, where he shares tips and tricks from his white hat hacking journey, including zero-days in core npm packages (CVE-2020–7788) and office applications (CVE-2021-33035). He looks forward to growing and learning in the exciting world of cybersecurity.

----

### Talk 2: 1945Hrs - 2030Hrs
**Talk Title: Enigma and Bombe: how they encrypt and how they decipher in WWII**

Most cybersecurity professionals probably are aware of the significant role of codebreakers in WWII, in particular the encryption device Enigma and the code-breaker Bombe that often appeared in popular media. So, what about the technical details? In this talk, I will describe the details of Enigma & Bombe, up to the point that we could simulate them. While the experiences on both machines likely shaped development of modern cryptography, we probably won’t need such electro-mechanical system anymore. Nonetheless, it would be a fun topic to kickstart this seminar series.

#### Speaker

Ee-Chien Chang is an Associate Professor in the School of Computing at National University of Singapore (NUS). He received his PhD in Computer Science from New York University and was a postdoctoral fellow with DIMACS in Rutgers University and NEC Labs America. His research focuses on cybersecurity security and is particularly intrigued by cross-domain problems. His earlier works include multimedia security, such as image forensic, image watermarking and biometric cryptography, which is in the intersection of multimedia and applied cryptography. More recently, he has been investigating issues on security of machine learning under adversarial environment, and application of the hardware-based Trusted Execution Environment in the cloud. He has published in reputable conferences and journals. He is a lead-PI of National Cybersecurity R&D Laboratory (NCL), NUS, and deputy director of the Centre for Technology, Robotics, Artificial Intelligence & the Law (TRAIL), NUS.

