---
author: "NUS Greyhats"
title: "SecWed #150921"
talks:
    - title: Unusual Applications of OpenAI in Cybersecurity
      speaker: Eugene Lim (Govtech)
    - title: How to get into CTFs
      speaker: Chandrasekaran Akash (NUS Greyhats)
date: "2021-09-15"

# don't change these
tags: ["secweds"]
ShowBreadcrumbs: False
HideSummary: True
hiddenInHomeList: True
---

{{< youtube 4gw7zvm28RU >}}

### Talk 1: 1900Hrs - 1945Hrs
**Talk Title: Unusual Applications of OpenAI in Cybersecurity**

One of the most prominent examples of AI-generated synthetic media’s impact on cybersecurity is in the field of social engineering and information operations. However, AI language models can still pop up in interesting places. Could we use OpenAI to convert assembly to pseudocode while reverse-engineering binaries? How about locating vulnerabilities in code? Let’s dive down the rabbit hole of OpenAI’s API, covering the latest advanced features such as fine-tunes, searches, and classifications.

#### Pre-talk Preparations

You may wish to read the [AI Phishing Whitepaper published by Black Hat USA](http://i.blackhat.com/USA21/Wednesday-Handouts/US-21-Lim-Turing-in-a-Box-wp.pdf) or watch the [AI Phishing DEF CON talk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tWWhRbzhkrg).

#### Speaker

Eugene hacks for good! From Amazon to Zendesk , he has helped secure products from a range of vulnerabilities. At the Government Technology Agency of Singapore (GovTech), he protects citizen data through offensive security research and penetration testing.

While he focuses on application security and vulnerability research, he is also involved in a variety of domains such as artificial intelligence and social engineering. Prior to GovTech, he contributed to cyber defense projects with the Singapore Armed Forces and was awarded the Most Valuable Hacker title at HackerOne's H1-213 live hacking event for the US Air Force, UK Ministry of Defense, and Verizon Media.

His work has been featured at top conferences such as Black Hat and DEF CON as well as industry publications like WIRED and The Daily Swig. He writes at https://spaceraccoon.dev/, where he shares tips and tricks from his white hat hacking journey, including zero-days in core npm packages (CVE-2020–7788) and office applications (CVE-2021-33035). He looks forward to growing and learning in the exciting world of cybersecurity.

----

### Talk 2: 1945Hrs - 2030Hrs
**Talk Title: How to get into CTFs**

CTF (Capture the Flag) competitions are contests of skills with the aim of defeating security to get access to the 'flag' - a token that can be exchanged for points. CTFs are becoming more popular in Singapore with increased funding from the government, and due to more lucrative prize rewards. 1st Place prize has increased from $2,000 to $5,000 for CrossCTF, and DSO-NUS CTF 1st Place being $10,000, for example.

So, how does one participate in such competitions, and how does one win one? In this talk, we will go through the acquiring of skills, the mindset, and tactics necessary to win.

#### Speaker

Akash is a Computer Science Student studying at NUS and a Member of Greyhats. He has participated in many CTF challenges and has a great amount of experience up his sleeve. He mainly focuses on Reverse Engineering and Pwn.

